What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A regular directory turns into a GIT repository which here after can track changes
on file basis and maintain a history of changes when commits are made. 

--

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

Staging area seems to be an intermediate spot b/w the working directory (no history) and 
repository. It offers an ability to select files for a particular commit out of multiple 
files open in the directory

--

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

With staging area I can move all the files that are changed towards the logical change 
into the staging area, then do a git diff staged to see what changes I am commiting. 

--

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?

For trying out new features/experiements, for ramping up new developers on a large project.
For changes that are massive and atomic, we can branch out and merge back in when the whole
thing works 

--

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams help understand current branch's position in the repository, in case the master 
branch has seen more commits, it gives an idea of where the current branch would eventually
merge with the master branch. Additionally it shows which of the branches are not reachable.

--

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram 
the way we do?

The result of merging two branches is a commit that represents code changes from both the
branches. This commit's history now contains commits from both branches in order of time.

--

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Saves a lot of time on simple merges like that of feature adding by different people. 
A lot of new files and minimal changes in common files can be trusted to be automatically 
merged which is how most sw development happens

--




