How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see 
the bug that was introduced?


Diff simplifies the problem of debugging into an exercise of locating 
differences on a line by line basis. 

Problem of debugging the whole code reduces to a comparison exercise 
which is much simpler. Tool indicating which lines really changed 
helps focus on the important stuff rather than going through the whole
content. 

-- 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make 
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?


Ability to save versions allows for making small progress frequently. 
A good habit is to code small functionality, test it and then move 
ahead. 

Version system would allow for maintaining a history of all such check
ins and more importantly will always have a working set available from 
the last checkin.

-- 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, 
like Google docs does?

Pros : 
	- Guaranteed working version on all checkins
	- Avoids unnecessary commits 
	- Easy to debug any new bugs 

Cons : 
	- Too less (human judgement) commit could cause a massive commit with 
	  bugs 

-- 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?

Because the atomic unit of a revision is different for code files than 
something like multiple pictures or documents


-- 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?


I will use git log to locate the commit of interest and then use git diff 
to check out the changes b/w that commit and the previous commit 

-- 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

As long as we have a working commit done, it allows for undertaking some 
tough changes

-- 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git for my original app Sunshine and also for the content provider
example app 

Hereafter I want to use Git and Gitbash for all my projects on windows laptop

-- 






